Global warming is the gradual increase in Earth's temperature. The contributing factors that cause the greenhouse effect is carbon dioxide, water vapors, methane, and Nitrous Oxide. Over the past few hundred of years, greenhouse gases are steadily climbing and no indication of slowing or leveling out. With this increase of greenhouse gases, the increase in temperature is resulting in the sea levels rising as much as 10 centimeters by 2025. The result could prove disastrous with land reductions. Global warming can cause changes in weather conditions and events such as El Nino. 

The increase in temperature can cause heat-related deaths in the summer. The 2003 European heat wave of 2003 killed over 22,000 people. The 2006 United States heat wave killed 139 Californians where they had 6 consecutive days of over 100 degrees Fahrenheit. Temperature also play an important role in diseases. The rise in temperature is expected to widen the zones of certain diseases such as malaria. In turn, third world nations with little medical care could see the rise of this disease while first world nations which the diseases eliminated could see the return of them. The sea level rise is mainly contributed with the polar ice caps where the largest of ice is located. With this massive ice caps melting, below sea level areas could be flooded and result in a new sea bottom.

The number one contributor being water vapor which is natural occurring. Scientists and researchers must focus to the second largest contributor which is carbon dioxide, CO2. With 19.2% of carbon dioxide attributed to transportation fuels, 20.6% to industrial processes, and 29.5% to power stations. It is painfully obvious that something needs to be done in this area. The 2005 Kyoto Protocol requires developing nations to reduce their greenhouse gas emission. The international community finally realize that global warming is a threat to all countries. The United States government has taken a step towards this with the Energy Act of 2005, an act to use new technologies and practices to reduce greenhouse gases. Furthermore, nations are realizing their dependence on fossil fuels with supplies decreasing. Alternative fuels can play a vital role in stopping global warming. It has become apparent that stopping the emissions of greenhouse gases is an effort that requires all of nations to contribute. 

The first step is providing consumers with information about global warming. No other planets known has bared life. This planet is a special gem in a vast infinite ocean which should be treasured and loved. With the support of the every nations and a continued stride toward the conservation of our planet, Earth, will allow future generation to enjoy what this planet has given us.  

With the temperature is increasing, ice is in the North Pole and South Pole is melting. 

The seawater level is raised, the weather hotter, and a lot of bad things are affecting directly to all people in the world.

Some are major effects, like floods is submerging many cities and arable lands on coastal plains, affecting the economy. 

Drought produced lands smaller while deserts bigger, crops are losses affected to agriculture and society.---This sentence is hard to understand. Do you mean that droughts are affecting farm lands?

A flood is an overflow of an expanse of water, and floods appear everywhere in the world, in places close to the river and the sea. 

Drought is created when uneven rainfall, resulting in produced zone lands and arable lands are smaller, meanwhile the deserts are bigger, affecting society and the economy.

Some impact of droughts are crops losses and reduced forest productivity; decreased water level and increased fire hazard; ...

A changing ecosystem is of the most concern of many countries' leaders, all...

For example, acid rain is very bad and can hurt the environment. It can burn the leaves of plants and trees in the forest, it can even hurt the animals living in the environment by stopping them from having babies, small fishes can die in the lakes, rivers, and the ocean, or they can not reproduce. 

Another example is sea waters rising salt concentration increasing in rivers close to the seas, so people does have enough sweet water for cultivation, ecosystem is changed, and some plants disappear. ---Start a new sentence here.

specifically, VietNam and Thai Lan are the biggest rice exporters in the world, but now they faced with the problem of saltwater, and growth rice production is reduced, even though they spent millions of dollars on building lakes to contained water, to conduct water from highland, but the effect is not as expected.

Important addition, people are living in the saltwater places looked like they are living in the deserts, because they can not use saltwater in their everyday life, they have to buy sweetwater for cooking, bathing and drinking.

Floods, droughts, and ecosystem changes are affecting to all of us, plants, and animals in the world, people are faced with natural disasters more and larger, and the damage is of course exceeds the imagination.

Global warming has been becoming a big problem throughout the years. People don't acknowledge that global warming is becoming worse every day. We may drive our car to a store four blocks away or go to another city, but the distance that we drive no matter how far it is, affects global warming in a small way. Most national governments have been working on ways to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, but what about regular civilians? We may have some opportunities to help reduce gas emissions such as hybrid cars, but what about the cost? Not many families can afford a hybrid car and therefore cannot do their part in helping lessen global warming. Global warming can affected the earth in many ways. It can affect habitats, ecosystems, and even people. The only solution to solving global warming is by working together as a society and doing everything that is possible to reduce greenhouse gases.

Technology has gone a long way and as a strong society that we are now, we are capable of stopping global warming. Cars are responsible for almost a quarter of annual US emissions of carbon dioxide which is the primary global warming gas. In recent years new cars have been developed such as hybrid and those that use bio fuels. Some people are happy that new efficient cars are being developed but the question is, are they taking advantage of the new cars? People might think about buying a hybrid car because gas prices have being going up lately, but they never think about global warming. Most people today drive regular gasoline cars and most cannot afford new efficient cars. In order for everyone to contribute on reducing global warming, hybrid cars or environmentally friendly cars would need to be distributed among most of the public. Some might say what about the money needed to do something like that? What's more important money or global warming? If people were asked this question, most of them might say global warming. 

Global warming has not been a big issue to some people because they might think that rising temperatures above average is something normal. What they do not realize is that if temperatures continue to rise over a long period of time, the earth may experience some problems that would be impossible to solve. Although severe climate changes occur through a long period of time, we still need to take action to better the future. If we do not do something today, future generations are going to have to deal with greater effects of global warming.

There are many ways to reduce the effects of global warming, from using hybrid cars to using less electricity. There are many things that we can do but we have to make it available to everyone. National governments can only do so much to help reduce greenhouse gasses. It is up to everyone as a whole to do their part. People have not been changing when faced with the hard evidence of global warming; they are only going to change when they are in the midst of the crisis.

Every year, almost 7 billion tons of carbon dioxide is released into the atmosphere by human activity. That is the equivalent of 107,700,000 jet airplanes being in the air at once! This harrowing figure is the main cause of global warming, and has been increasing for the last 50 years. Global warming is caused by the increase of greenhouse gasses, carbon dioxide and methane primarily, in the earth's upper atmosphere directly caused by human burning of fossil fuels, industrial, farming, and deforestation activities. Global warming is defined as an increase in the average temperature of the earth's atmosphere (especially a sustained increase that causes climatic changes). Many people believe in these statements, but there are many people around the world that refuse to believe that human contributions are the main cause of global warming, saying that the increase is part of the natural climatic change of earth. Debatable causes and solutions of this theory of global warming include the natural climatic change, the grounds of human causes, and the solutions we can take to halt global warming. As humans, we all have our own opinions, but the problem of global warming should not be debated; it should be solved.

Many people around the world debate about the facts about global warming. The evidence that supports the human cause is plentiful and powerful, but few can find support for the issue that global warming is a natural part of the Earth's climatic change. Some people do support this issue, like John Christy, director of the Earth System Science Center at the University of Alabama in Huntsville. Christy says, "The carbon dioxide from fossil fuels is distributed [very] evenly around the globe and not concentrated in the Arctic, so we can't blame greenhouse gases for the Northern Hemisphere warming over the past 27 years... The most likely suspect for [warming] is a natural climate change or cycle that we didn't expect or just don't understand." This quote describes a natural cause to global warming, and refrains from relating to cause by carbon dioxide emissions from humans. 

People have also begun to link global warming to the sun in the last decade. The views of David Bellamy, a conservationist, and Dr Sami Solanki, the director of Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research, include that the majority of people are seeing global warming in the wrong light and that the brightness of the sun is directly related to the warming of the Earth in the last century (Leidig and Nikkhah 1). The sun is a popular resource for natural cause of global warming, but there are scarce amounts of evidence on this information. Sallie Baliunas, an astrophysicist, believes that the sun is the main culprit of global warming, and that its varying activity is the cause for the global warming. As a strong scientist of her field, Baliunas supports her opinion with many statistics that prove that the sun does cause changes in the earth's climate. However, by stating that the sun is the only reason for global warming, she is quite a biased individual. The evidence presented by these scholars is very influential in the scientific community, contradicting the mainstream idea that humans are to blame; this is negative upon the goal of the people trying to stop global warming. 

Many believe that global warming is a myth, just an excuse for the record temperatures and other weather patterns, but they are very wrong. There are two main sides to the argument of the cause of global warming; those who believe that global warming is just a natural phase in the climatic habits of earth, and those who believe humans are the direct cause through the burning of fossil fuels and other processes. Each side of the debate provides much scientific evidence that proves there point. In an article released by the Dept. of Commerce, NASA claims "...the solar increases do not have the ability to cause large global temperature increases... greenhouse gasses are indeed playing a dominant role" (1). As the leading global scientific institution of the US Government, NASA's point is highly accepted by the community. In the same article, the Dept. of Commerce says that only a quarter of the amount of global warming can be attributed to the sun (3). That one-quarter is the natural part of global warming; the rest is from human activity.

The majority of the population of the Earth believes that Global Warming is an effect of the burning of fossil fuels. According to the Stanford Solar Center, Global Warming is attributed to the increase of greenhouse gasses (carbon dioxide and methane) in the Earth's atmosphere, caused by human burning of fossil fuels, industrial, farming, and deforestation activities (1). The affects we humans have on the environment seem to be popping up all the time, and many think that global warming is our defining effect on the Earth. Every year, billions of tons of carbon dioxide are added to the atmosphere, adding up to the largest concentration in 420,000 years. Many cars, power plants, and burning of anything containing carbon generously add to this number. We as humans should be able to understand our fossil fuel burning habits enough to stop the increase of carbon dioxide every year. 

To witness the change of the world from a global warming standpoint, there are many indicators proving human cause. Some of the sources that expose the causes of global warming include tree-ring research, ice-core analysis, and sediment research. For example, research from looking at sediment layering shows that the water level of the ocean is 60 ft lower than 400,000 years ago. Contributing is tree-ring research, which shows the amount of precipitation in the atmosphere. By looking at this kind of data, scientists can help evaluate the amount of change that we have might have inflicted compared to the thousands of years prior to our modern existence. One of the main effects global warming is causing now is the melting of the north and south polar caps. The extremely fast rate of the thaw at the caps is an affect of global warming, and in a National Geographic magazine, scientists conclude that the earths polar caps and glaciers all around the globe are already melting at an unstoppable rate from global warming. 

The problem of global warming has been unsolvable for scientists in the last 30 years, but modern day researchers have found various remedies to the problems that we as humans have inflicted on the earth. The deforestation that is occurring around the globe is a key factor to causes of global warming. According to a Popular Mechanics magazine, studies are underway that have a goal to reduce global warming with genetically engineered plants that will be completely efficient in recycling carbon dioxide. The result of these plants would be less carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. Another solution to the problem is replenishing the oceans with algae. Algae are also one of nature's carbon dioxide recyclers. There are plans to grow trillions of algae at farms and release them into the oceans around the world. Since the actual algae population of the world is decreasing, this would benefit not only decrease in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, but also repopulate the algae population. Both of these examples of helping to decrease global warming are worth looking into, but the most accessible way to solve the problem would be to look into alternate forms of energy. The major forms of energy used in the United States include coal burning, natural gas burning, nuclear reactors, and petroleum (oil). These are all non-renewable resources that have a limited quantity present on our planet. Renewable types of energy, like hydroelectric, geothermal, wind, and solar energy, are all barely in use in America. By switching to these more efficient types of energy, the amount of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere would be drastically decreased.

As a nation, we are attributed as the leading cause of global warming, with the most greenhouse emissions anywhere in the world. In addition, as the most influential country in the world, we can choose to sit by and watch it happen, or we can decide to become a more environmentally aware population, setting an example for the entire world to see. The debate of the causes of global warming should not matter, because the fact is that we are contributing to global warming through our activities, adding on to any natural climatic phase that the earth is experiencing. By not releasing so much greenhouse gasses into the atmosphere, we can end the global warming scare, and end the most debated environmental topic of the world today.

